+++
date = 2020-11-12T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "InspiRing InstRuction"
time_start = 2020-11-12T18:00:00
time_end = 2020-11-12T19:30:00
abstract = "Teaching R to any audience!"
abstract_short = ""
event = "A panel on teaching #rstats for all audiences"
event_url = "https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/273650234/"
location = "Zoom"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
  
Someone in your department, company, or class comes to you and says: "I want to learn R; where do I start?" Or, "how do I take my R skills to the next level?"

Come hear from 3 R-Ladies on how to make R pedagogy work for different groups of people! :-)

R-Ladies Chicago and R-Ladies East Lansing will be a hosting a joint November virtual meetup featuring 3 panelists:

**Alison Hill** is a Data Scientist & Professional Educator at RStudio. Prior to joining RStudio, Dr. Hill was an Associate Professor and Center Assistant Director at Oregon Health & Science University in Portland, Oregon, where she was an NIH-funded Principal Investigator. Her work has been published in Pediatrics, Autism Research, and other peer-reviewed journals. She has developed and taught several advanced courses and workshops on data visualization and communicating with data. Dr. Hill is also an international keynote speaker, award-winning educator, and co-author of the book blogdown: Creating Websites with R Markdown.

**Marynia Kolak** is an Assistant Director of Health Informatics at the Center for Spatial Data Science at University of Chicago, where she also teaches full time as a Lecturer in Geographic Information Science. Dr. Kolak is interested in Social Determinants of Health (SDOH) and using open science tools as an exploratory data analytic approach to investigate issues of equity across space and time.

**Katie Fitzgerald** is a PhD Candidate in Statistics at Northwestern University. Her research is in statistical methods for social policy, including work in meta-analysis, data visualization, and statistical cognition. She is passionate about statistics education and pedagogy and is pursuing a career at a liberal arts university. When she's not doing statistics, you can find her at Northwestern’s gorgeous lakefront, biking, hammocking, reading, or indulging in good food.

## Schedule 

6:00-6:10 -- Meet and Greet!
6:10-6:25 -- Introduction from the panelists
6:25-6:50 -- Moderated panel
6:50-7:00 -- Questions from the audience

## FAQ

Q: Are men welcome to attend this event?
A: Our primary mission is to encourage more women and non-binary individuals to get involved in the R community. ***As such, we strongly encourage that all men who attend this event have a female or non-binary sponsor. Please contact [masked] if you have questions.***

Additionally, please help us by spreading the word about R-Ladies, and by being respectful of the fact that this event is primarily for women/non-binary/female-identifying individuals.
     
## What to bring  
  
Yourself/friends! 

  
  
**Please note:**    
Our primary mission is to encourage more women and non-binary individuals to get involved in the R community. *As such, we strongly encourage that all men who attend this event have a female or non-binary sponsor, as spots may be limited. Please contact chicago@rladies.org if you have questions.*  
    
  
Be sure to RSVP on [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/273650234/). Looking forward to it!
