+++
date = 2021-03-26T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "R Package Development (with R-Ladies East Lansing)"
time_start = 2027-02-26T12:00:00
time_end = 2020-02-26T14:00:00
abstract = "“Develop an R package”, they said… What does this even mean? In this session with a live demo, we shall demystify the creation of an R package"
abstract_short = ""
event = "A live demonstration on the basics of R package development"
event_url = "https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/276797668/"
location = "Zoom"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

"Develop an R package”, they said… What does this even mean?

In this session with a live demo, we shall demystify the creation of an R package. R packages are mostly well-organized folders, and there are automatic tools to help. Let’s dive into the wonders of usethis! We shall also see why to create a package (or not). We shall furthermore explain how to improve your R package and your own package development skills. And how to solve the specific new challenges you will encounter! Last but not least we will discuss how to find your happy place in the world of R package development.

Do you want to be more of a devoted maintainer of one single package? Or perhaps a valued contributor to dozens of packages?


## About the Speaker 
Maelle Salmon is a R(esearch) Software Engineer & Blogger based in Nancy, France. She is also the associate editor for rOpenSci’s Software Peer Review (peer-review system of R packages), and the main manager of R-Ladies Global Twitter account (@RLadiesGlobal).
https://masalmon.eu

## Register to recieve Zoom link

Spring 2021 RLEL/RLC event registration link:
https://forms.gle/ZLo6XEUVrz9eCLrQ8

========
AGENDA
========
- Intro
- Demo
- Tips to improve packages & oneself as a package developer
- Ways to get involved in open source
- Q&A | Discussion

=====
TIME
=====
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=R-Ladies+East+Lansing+R+package+development&iso=20210326T13&p1=179&ah=2

## FAQ

Q: Are men welcome to attend this event?
A: Our primary mission is to encourage more women and non-binary individuals to get involved in the R community. ***As such, we strongly encourage that all men who attend this event have a female or non-binary sponsor. Please contact [masked] if you have questions.***

Additionally, please help us by spreading the word about R-Ladies, and by being respectful of the fact that this event is primarily for women/non-binary/female-identifying individuals.
     
  
**Please note:**    
Our primary mission is to encourage more women and non-binary individuals to get involved in the R community. *As such, we strongly encourage that all men who attend this event have a female or non-binary sponsor, as spots may be limited. Please contact chicago@rladies.org if you have questions.*  
    
  
Be sure to RSVP on [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/276270824/). Looking forward to it!
