+++
date = 2021-02-09T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "Writing R Functions (with R-Ladies East Lansing)"
time_start = 2027-02-26T12:00:00
time_end = 2020-02-26T14:00:00
abstract = "Stephanie Kirmer, beloved member of the Chicago data science community, talks to us about functions"
abstract_short = ""
event = "A workshop on how to write, test, and document functions"
event_url = "https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/276270824/"
location = "Zoom"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
  
[**Stephanie Kirmer**](https://skirmer.github.io) will be giving a workshop about writing functions. We'll discuss when you need to write a function, how they're written, documenting ad writing tests for your functions.

Stephanie Kirmer is a Senior Data Scientist at Saturn Cloud, a company making large scale Python easy and accessible to the data community using Dask. She has used R as well as Python for machine learning and data science throughout her career, including as a DS Tech Lead at a travel data startup, and as a Senior Data Scientist at Uptake, an industrial data science company. She holds Master's degrees in sociology and education and was formerly an adjunct faculty member at DePaul University in Chicago.

The Zoom link is available once you completed Spring 2021 RLEL/RLC event registration link:

https://forms.gle/ZLo6XEUVrz9eCLrQ8


## FAQ

Q: Are men welcome to attend this event?
A: Our primary mission is to encourage more women and non-binary individuals to get involved in the R community. ***As such, we strongly encourage that all men who attend this event have a female or non-binary sponsor. Please contact [masked] if you have questions.***

Additionally, please help us by spreading the word about R-Ladies, and by being respectful of the fact that this event is primarily for women/non-binary/female-identifying individuals.
     
  
**Please note:**    
Our primary mission is to encourage more women and non-binary individuals to get involved in the R community. *As such, we strongly encourage that all men who attend this event have a female or non-binary sponsor, as spots may be limited. Please contact chicago@rladies.org if you have questions.*  
    
  
Be sure to RSVP on [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/276270824/). Looking forward to it!
